BD-2769: Add note to FCM migration doc (#6984)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/android/push_notifications/android/migrating_to_firebase_cloud_messaging.md

Select **Add Key** > **Create new key**.

{% alert note %}

> Creating a new key will not remove your legacy ones. If there's an issue with your new key, or you delete it in the future, Braze can use your legacy keys as a backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a new key will not remove your legacy ones. If there's an issue with your new key and you delete it (using the Revert Credentials button), Braze will use your legacy keys as a backup.
```
